Fixed #32776 -- Added support for Array subqueries on PostgreSQL. (#14575)
django/django: docs/releases/4.0.txt

  :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.operations.AddConstraintNotValid` on
  PostgreSQL.

> * The new :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.expressions.ArraySubquery`
>   allows for using subqueries to construct lists of values on PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The new :class:`~django.contrib.postgres.expressions.ArraySubquery` query
  expression allows using subqueries to construct lists of values on
  PostgreSQL.
```
